docs: add documentation for changing model precision while running on device GPU (#443)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

> Q: While running some pipeline benchmarking like stream density, why the performance may be worst running on GPU versus CPU?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: Why is the performance sometimes on CPU better than on GPU, when running pipeline benchmarking like stream density ?
While running some pipeline benchmarking like stream density, why the performance may be worst running on GPU versus CPU?
```

> A: The performance of pipeline benchmarking strongly depends on the models.  Specifically for `yolov5s` object detection, it is recommended to use the model precision FP32 when it is running on device `GPU`.  To change the model precision if supports, you can go to the folder `configs/opencv-ovms/models/2022` from the root of project folder and edit the `base_path` for that particular model in the `config_template.json` file.  For example, you can change the the base_path of `FP16` to `FP32` assuming the precision `FP32` of the model yolov5s is available: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: The performance of pipeline benchmarking strongly depends on the models.  Specifically for `yolov5s` object detection, it is recommended to use the model precision FP32 when it is running on device `GPU`. If supported, then you can change the model precision by going to the folder `configs/opencv-ovms/models/2022` from the root of project folder and editing the `base_path` for that particular model in the `config_template.json` file.  For example, you can change the the base_path of `FP16` to `FP32` assuming the precision `FP32` of the model yolov5s is available: 
```
